Disability Support Workers Needed
Hands-on experience and study
Be empowered to provide the best in disability support Work with NDIS participants to develop their life goals Looking to gain hands-on experience whilst studying?
We are looking for Disability Support Workers to cover ad-hoc shifts in the Sunshine Coast area for NDIS participants of all ages with a variety of presentations including complex mental health, physical and/or intellectual disability, and neurodivergent presentations such as ASD, ADHD, ADD and DCD.
Our staff provide personal care and community access to NDIS participants in the Brisbane, Moreton Bay, Sunshine Coast and Gold Coast areas.
Our staff come from all walks of life and have a vast array of life experience – perhaps you are studying nursing, or teaching, an allied health discipline, or youth/ social work, and are looking to gain valuable hands-on experience whilst studying; or maybe you have enjoyed a successful career in disability support and just want a few hours here and there?
If you have strong values around care, service, and personal development, and have a great ability to build trust-based relationships with those around you we would love to hear from you.
Alya are a registered NDIS provider of disability support services specialising in mental health, psychosocial disorders, neurodivergent, and complex physical and intellectual disability presentations.
We are very proud to be one of only 15% of providers that are registered to provide support to NDIS participants.
Our support staff not only support our participants with in-home care and community access, they also work with them to develop their life goals - empowering participants to live a meaningful, beautiful, developing life.
Working at Alya gives you access to sector-leading professional and personal development programs, an empowering and respectful working environment, and your strong work ethic will be rewarded by remuneration above the support worker SCHADS (Social and Community Services) Award pay rates.
We look forward to welcoming you to the Alya team.
Job Type: Casual
Pay: From $34.30 per hour
Weekly hours: 5 – 25 per week
What we are looking for
Applicants must be eligible to work in Australia and have access to their own vehicle with comprehensive car insurance.
Enthusiastic individuals who want to provide the best in disability supports People who are willing/able to work across a variety of shifts (Day/Morning/Afternoon/Evenings) Able to work weekend shifts as required
Yellow Card (NDIS worker screening) and Blue Card (Working with Children Check) or be eligible to apply for one Australian drivers license (Required)
What we give you
An opportunity to gain hands-on experience while studying Pay above award rate including penalty shift rates Access to industry leading professional development Working with a leading QLD Registered NDIS support provider Travel reimbursement when/if transporting participants